Adds note about LCP. (#9134)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/iframe-lazy-loading/index.md

Contentful Paint](/fcp/) reductions at the median, and 2% [First Input
Delay](/fid/) (FID) improvements at the 95th percentile.

> Additionally, lazy-loading iframes can impart benefits to [Largst Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/).

Reviewer: Fixed typo, and suggest add `off-screen` as on-screen iframes CAN be LCP elements.

```suggestion
Additionally, lazy-loading off-screen iframes can impart benefits to [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/lcp/).
```

Now in theory, if deep linking an off-screen iframe COULD be LCP element some of the time, but that's same with images and think it's an edge case.

[LCP candidates](/lcp/#what-elements-are-considered), such as images or text dependent on web fonts
in order to render. Because iframes can often require a significant amount of bandwidth in
order to load all of their subresources, lazy-loading offscreen iframes can significantly

> reduce bandwidth contention on network-constrained devices, leaving more bandwidth to lazy load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reduce bandwidth contention on network-constrained devices, leaving more bandwidth to load
```
